Sir, I see you are sick
And he's pretty sick.
You are sick
Your whole family is sick
And I don't mean the brain.
It's a disease of your body
I suggest you.
Check it out ASAP.
You're a psychopath.
Girl, give me a hexagram
How powerful is this?
Have you been particularly unlucky recently?
Drowsiness and nightmares every night
Okay, I wake up every day.
I feel like my body has been drained
I went to a few hospitals and found nothing
You have been dogged by bad luck recently.
So I'll draw you a gourd.
What about after going back?
You put it under your pillow
It will be fine in three days.
That makes him a liar.
It's so immoral that my mother was fooled before
I bought thousands of health products
This liar dares to go to jail
Get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way
It's him who pretends to be a ghost and deliberately deceives people
Catch him
ingenious calculation
I said you're a young girl
What do you think is bad?
Learn to be a genius
What a wizard
I am the youngest and most powerful Kunda in Xuanmen
You old angel is useless
The prince confiscated it, let's go
Your Life Pavilion is dangerous
From yin to cold
I have calculated that you are connected to the second master of the Shen family by luck
Cry together
You must go down the mountain and marry him
Keep him safe
You can survive life and death
No money to eat
What the hell
Leave him alone.